---
layout: page
title: "Shoe Dog - Phil Knight"
date:   2018-06-03 13:30:00
categories: main
---

## Quotes I loved
-----------------
1.
> I was up before the others, before the birds, before the sun. I drank a cup of coffee, wolfed down a piece of toast, put on my shorts and sweatshirt, and laced up my green running shoes. Then slipped quietly out the back door.

> I stretched my legs, my hamstrings, my lower back and groaned as I took the first few balky steps down the cool road, into the fog. Why is it always so hard to get started ?

2.
>I moved quicker down the road. My breath formed rounded, frosty puffs, swirling into the fog. I savored that first physical awakening, that brilliant moment before the mind is fully clear, when the limbs and joints begin to loosen and the material body starts to melt away. Solid to liquid.

>Faster, I told myself. Faster.

3.
>As my young heart began to thump, as my pink lungs expanded like the wings of a bird, as the trees turned to greenish blurs, I saw it all before me - exactly what I wanted my life to be. Play.

>Yes, I thought, that's it. That's the word. The secret of happiness, the essence of beauty or truth, or all we ever need to know of either, lay somewhere in that moment when the ball is in midair, when both boxers sense the approach of the bell, when the runners near the finish line and the crowd rises as one. There's a kind of exuberant clarity in that pulsing half second before winning and losing are decided. I wanted that, whatever that was, to be my life, my daily life.

4.
>You run and run, mile after mile, and you never quite know why. You tell yourself that you're running towards some goal, chasing some rush, but really you run because the alternative, stopping, scares you to death.

5.
>So that morning in 1962 I told myself: Just keep going. Don't stop. Don't even think about stopping until you get there, and don't give much thought to where "there" is. Whatever comes, just don't stop.

>That's the precocious, prescient, urgent advice I managed to give myself, out of the blue, and somehow managed to take. Half a century later, I believe it's the best advice - may be the only advice - any of us should ever give.

## Lessons I learned